Modify stake to uatom in gaia's doc. #3833 (#3935)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/gaia/validators/validator-setup.md

:::

If you want to participate in genesis as a validator, you need to justify that

> you have some atom at genesis, create one (or multiple) transactions to bond this atom to your validator address, and include this transaction in the genesis file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you have some atoms at genesis, create one (or multiple) transactions to bond these atoms to your validator address, and include this transaction in the genesis file.
```
